{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green51\blue153;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11320\viewh10020\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 * Addwepage \'d0 A simple script for Safari, it creates a new URL-entry \
 with the the title and URL of the website currently open in Safari. It \
 also adds the current date, using Jurabib"s Urldate field.\
 \
 * Nebis \'d0 Also a Safari script, meant for Nebis \
 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://opac.nebis.ch/ALEPH/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://opac.nebis.ch/ALEPH/}}) and IDS Basel/Bern \
 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://aleph.unibas.ch/ALEPH/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://aleph.unibas.ch/ALEPH/}}), the libraries of the universities of \
 Basel, Bern and Z\'9frich (Switzerland) which are all based on Aleph. \
 Search for  the book you want in Safari and once you found it, add it \
 to BibDesk with this script. The script is a bit of a hack since \
 Aleph"s output isn"t always formatted the same way, but until BibDesk \
 gets proper Z39.50 support, it"s the best I can do.\
 \
 * Amazonsearch \'d0 This script allows you to search in the Amazon \
 database directly out of BibDesk. You can either search amazon.com or \
 amazon.de and you can do either keyword or author search. \
 Unfortunately, Amazon"s bibliographic data is somewhat limited, you \
 only get some basic information.\
 \
 * RLGSearch - This script searches {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://redlightgreen.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 http://redlightgreen.com}} a \
 bibliographic database which claims to have 120 mio titles. Like with \
 Amazonsearch you can do your search directly out of BibDesk. The \
 bibliographic data is much more complete, you can even select from \
 different editions. If the data is available, the following fields are \
 filled: Address, Author, Title, Year, Publisher, Editor, Flanguange \
 (jurabib"s field for original language), Translator, ISBN, Edition, \
 Series, Number (of Series), Notes.}