{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9020\viewh7500\viewkind0
\pard\tqc\tx280\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\qc

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 AppleScripts
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
To use these scripts, you should activate the script menu. If you have not already done so, go to the folder "/Applications/AppleScript", and double click the application Install Script Menu. \
\
You can then choose to either install the scripts for all users or for separate users. \
If you want to install the scripts for all users, move the scripts to the appropriate folders, as described below, inside the Library folder on the startup disk. Otherwise, use the Library folder(s) of the user(s) for which you want to install the scripts. \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx280\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li280\fi-280\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	
\f1 Place the 
\f3\i content
\f1\i0  of the folder named "iTunes Scripts" in the folder "Library/iTunes/Scripts". \
\
\pard\tx280\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li280\fi-280\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	
\f1 Place the 
\f3\i content
\f1\i0  of the folder named "Script Libraries" in the folder "Library/ScriptingAdditions". 
\f2 \
\pard\tx280\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li280\fi-280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\uc0\u9679 	
\f1 Place the 
\f3\i content
\f1\i0  of the folder "Bibdesk Scripts" inside the folder "Library/Application Support/BibDesk/Scripts". You may have to create this folder. \

\f2 \
\uc0\u9679 	
\f1 Place the other folders 
\f3\i themselves
\f1\i0 , "Bibdesk Scripts", "Finder Scripts" and "iPhoto Scripts", inside the folder "Library/Scripts".\
\pard\tx280\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li280\fi-280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
For more information about these scripts, see \
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.weizmann.ac.il/home/hofman/applescript/applescript.html\
\
}